that's not on the show we will share the
results of our annual Halloween candy
YouTube challenge we do this every year
parents pretend to have eaten their kids
candy and the kids lose their minds and
we receive many wonderful submissions
but there's one I particularly enjoyed
starring a brother and sister duo who
turned out to be from right here in LA
so last night we showed part of this
video but this is the full video they
said and I want you to pay special
attention to the sister because the
brother is right in the foreground
yelling but the sister is just storming
around the house busting things up I ate
all your Halloween candy why I was
really hungry
sugar to you buckets
here's your buckets I ate all your candy
I'm sorry
[Music]
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
and I really I love these kids so much I
wanted to know more about their family
so we tracked them down and joining us
now please say hello to the by ace
Johanna and Raoul and their children
Julianna how are you how are you feeling
today kids are you happier today Do You
Know Who I am yes I'm the guy who told
your parents to pretend they ate all
your candy were you really mad yesterday
[Music]
I saw I saw you really smash that bucket
up and now you don't have a bucket for
next year do you how much candy did you
get for trick-or-treating this year did
you get a lot why did you tell your mom
to eat her vegetables
because it's healthy why did you take
your shoe off but but you didn't you
weren't really you weren't really gonna
hit your mom with this shoe where are
you what's your favorite candy gummy
worms and how about you Juliana what's
your favorite candy Oh
[Laughter]
I haven't had that yeah and dad is your
favorite candy also mommy's but
[Music]
Johanna are you starting to realize that
this is a bad idea what did you think
when you saw the video of yourself
yelling at your mom on TV you know
Giuliani you didn't say one word in that
video now you won't stop talking well
I'm sorry that you got upset but it was
very funny do you think it was funny
yeah no guys would you do this again
next year
and see if you remember it well next
year really eat there all the way candy
okay alright thank you this by a fan
[Applause]
hi see you know candy gets the kids
crazy this is why you should eat it all
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings